Add connect,idle timeout (#3)
yokawasa/istio-sandbox: README.md

kind: ServiceEntry
metadata:
  name: non-existent-service
spec:
  hosts:
  - non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local
  ports:
  - number: 80
    name: http
    protocol: HTTP
  resolution: DNS
  location: MESH_EXTERNAL
EOF
```

Set the tcp connection timeout in spec.trafficPolicy.connectionPool.tcp.connectTimeout in DestinationRule.
(The default is 10 sec.)
```yaml
# kubectl apply -f manifests/virtualservice-non-existent-service.yaml -n testns1

kubectl apply -n testns1 -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: VirtualService
metadata:
  name: non-existent-service
spec:
  hosts:
  - non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local 
  http:
  - route:
    - destination:
        host: non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local 
        port:
          number: 80
    retries:
      attempts: 0
EOF

# kubectl apply -f manifests/destination-rule-connect-timeout.yaml -n testns1

kubectl apply -n testns1 -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: DestinationRule
metadata:
  name: non-existent-service
spec:
  host: non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local
  trafficPolicy:
    connectionPool:
      tcp:
        connectTimeout: 4s
EOF
```

> Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The endpoint is supposed to return a response after 4 sec.

Reviewer: Perhaps you referred to the following, which shows the response behavior of the httpbin `delay/15` endpoint.
https://github.com/yokawasa/istio-sandbox/pull/3/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R758

So here it would be better to show that the endpoint is invalid and will trigger a timeout.

```suggestion
Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The IP address of this endpoint is invalid, so the request will fail and trigger a connection timeout after 4 sec.
```

Author: Thanks for suggestion.
Committed it.

> Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The IP address of this endpoint is invalid, so the request will fail and trigger a connection timeout after 4 sec.

Reviewer: Sorry, my suggestion has typo. Please fix it.

```suggestion
Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The IP address of this endpoint is invalid, so the request will fail and trigger a connection timeout after 4 sec.
```

Author: I'm sorry I didn't notice.
Committed it.

< content-length: 84
< content-type: text/plain
< date: Tue, 22 Jun 2021 07:18:55 GMT
< server: envoy
<
* Connection #0 to host non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local left intact
```

See also [ConnectionPoolSetting.TCPSettings](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/destination-rule/#ConnectionPoolSettings-TCPSettings)

#### Idle Timeout
The configuration below set 5 sec http idle timeout for a request to the non-existent service.

Using the service created in [Connect Timeout](#connect-timeout), delete the connectTimeout and set idleTimeout to 5 sec in DestinationRule.
The default value of connectTimeout is 10 sec, so the request will timeout at idleTimeout 5 sec.

Set the http idle timeout in spec.trafficPolicy.connectionPool.http.idleTimeout in DestinationRule.
(The default is 1 hour.)
```yaml
# kubectl apply -f manifests/destination-rule-idle-timeout.yaml -n testns1

kubectl apply -n testns1 -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: DestinationRule
metadata:
  name: non-existent-service
spec:
  host: non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local
  trafficPolicy:
    connectionPool:
      http:
        idleTimeout: 5s
EOF
```

> Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The endpoint is supposed to return a response after 5 sec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-service.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The IP address of this endpoint is invalid, so the request will fail and trigger a idle timeout after 5 sec.
```

Author: Thanks for suggestion.
Committed it.

```
See also [Request Timeouts](https://istio.io/latest/docs/tasks/traffic-management/request-timeouts/)

#### Connect Timeout
The configuration below set 4 sec tcp connection timeout for a request to the non-existent service.

Prepare a non-existent service and check the connect timeout.
The ip in the Endpoints resource should be a non-existent IP address.

```yaml
# kubectl apply -f manifests/non-existent-service.yaml -n testns1

kubectl apply -n testns1 -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:

>   name: non-existent-srevice

Reviewer: Please fix typo like below:
`srevice` -> `service`

It seems that the typo is also in other places, so please correct it as well.

Author: Thanks for comment.
Fixed it.
https://github.com/yokawasa/istio-sandbox/pull/3/commits/700204713aaebb9e29cb3772f2d5e70772cb6b80

spec:
  clusterIP: None
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Endpoints
metadata:

>   name: non-existent-srevice

Reviewer: ditto

subsets:
  - addresses:
    - ip: <non-existent IP address>
---
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: ServiceEntry
metadata:

>   name: non-existent-srevice

Reviewer: ditto

```bash
export NAMESPACE=testns1
export SLEEP_POD=$(kubectl get pod -l app=sleep -n $NAMESPACE -o jsonpath={.items..metadata.name})
kubectl exec "${SLEEP_POD}" -c sleep -n $NAMESPACE -- curl -sv  "http://non-existent-srevice.${NAMESPACE}.svc.cluster.local/"
```

You'll see 503 timeout 4 sec after you send the request
```txt
* Connected to non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local (10.100.62.253) port 80 (#0)
> GET / HTTP/1.1
> Host: non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local
> User-Agent: curl/7.77.0-DEV
> Accept: */*
>
* Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
< HTTP/1.1 503 Service Unavailable
< content-length: 84
< content-type: text/plain
< date: Tue, 22 Jun 2021 07:18:55 GMT
< server: envoy
<
* Connection #0 to host non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local left intact
```

See also [ConnectionPoolSetting.TCPSettings](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/destination-rule/#ConnectionPoolSettings-TCPSettings)

#### Idle Timeout
The configuration below set 5 sec http idle timeout for a request to the non-existent service.

> Using the service created in [Connect Timeout](#connect-timeout), delete the connectTimeout and set idleTimetou to 5 sec in DestinationRule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the service created in [Connect Timeout](#connect-timeout), delete the connectTimeout and set idleTimeout to 5 sec in DestinationRule.
```

Author: Thanks for suggestion.
Fixed it.
https://github.com/yokawasa/istio-sandbox/pull/3/commits/510d6b0806ef3dda03caad59cea183bcd67dbb9b

The default value of connectTimeout is 10 sec, so the request will timeout at idleTimeout 5 sec.

Set the http idle timeout in spec.trafficPolicy.connectionPool.http.idleTimeout in DestinationRule.
(The default is 1 hour.)
```yaml
DestinationRule

> 

Reviewer: These two lines seem unnecessary.

Author: Thanks for comment.
Fixed it.
https://github.com/yokawasa/istio-sandbox/pull/3/commits/f524c9691c9c875edbddc408fc8d2bca98f170b1

# kubectl apply -f manifests/destination-rule-idle-timeout.yaml -n testns1

kubectl apply -n testns1 -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: DestinationRule
metadata:
  name: non-existent-srevice
spec:
  host: non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local
  trafficPolicy:
    connectionPool:
      http:
        idleTimeout: 5s
EOF
```

> Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The endpoint is supposed to return a response after 5 sec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send the HTTP request to http://non-existent-srevice.testns1.svc.cluster.local/. The IP address of this endpoint is invalid, so the request will fail and trigger a connection timeout.
```

```bash
export NAMESPACE=testns1
export SLEEP_POD=$(kubectl get pod -l app=sleep -n $NAMESPACE -o jsonpath={.items..metadata.name})

> kubectl exec "${SLEEP_POD}" -c sleep -n $NAMESPACE -- curl -sv  "http://non-existent-srevice.${NAMESPACE}.svc.cluster.local/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl exec "${SLEEP_POD}" -c sleep -n $NAMESPACE -- curl -sv "http://non-existent-srevice.${NAMESPACE}.svc.cluster.local/"
```

Author: Thanks for suggestion.
Created a commit because there were multiple locations.
https://github.com/yokawasa/istio-sandbox/pull/3/commits/f524c9691c9c875edbddc408fc8d2bca98f170b1
